The purpose of this program is to analyze large sets of data, and gain needed programming experience.  The motivation of this project is from a study that tries to predict height and weight.  It comes from the book Machine Learning for Hackers by Drew Conway & John Myles-While, O'Reilly Media. Throughout the process I will be refreshing my programming skills and documenting it within this readme.

The first stage in this program is to open up a small text file of ht and wts that I just made up. I will print these just to the terminal.  This was completed with just a few lines of code.

Second Stage: I was able to upload a data set of 25000 individual ht and wts and plot it using a scatter plot

Third Stage: Perform simple linear regression on the data set; the formula for the line of regression is as follows:
    y = mx+b  and it is assumed that x and y are center of mass points and m is slope of the line.

Fourth Stage: Now that the graphs are plotted, how do we determine how strong the relationship is between ht and wt?
    To start off we need to find the residuals, which is actual value - predicted value
    To calculate the standard deviation the formula is as follows: sqrt((sum(x-meanx)^2)/n

    The standard deviation ended up being 11.66 which is a measurement of how spread apart the data is from the average

Fifth Stage:  I need to figure out the correlation coefficient (r value), it is a number between -1 and 1 and the closer to the ones is the stronger the relationship  
The r value ended up being .502 which would indicate a moderate positive relationship


The conclusion of the study, while the 25000 data points did show a moderate positive relationship, meaning given a height you could reasonable guess a weight. What could be done differently, first off I think the results are a little off in the fact this didn't take into account gender.  I think the relationship would have been more significant if the genders had been split.  Overall I think this project accomplished my initial goal of getting me comfortable using python. I started out thinking that I wouldn't use the packages and create my own tests to do the statistics but after playing around with it and doing that at the beginning I got pretty comfortable so I didn't feel it was necessary.
